D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.g.resources
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.g.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp2.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.g.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.1\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.g.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\OpcijeDijalog.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_Content.g.cs
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\OpcijeDijalog.baml
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.g.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\OpcijeDijalog.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_Content.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe.config
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\NovaIgraDialog.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\OpcijeDijalog.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.g.resources
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.exe
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.pdb
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessLogicF\frmPgnFilter.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessLogicF\frmPgnFilter.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessLogicF\frmLoadPGNGames.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessLogicF\CircularProgressBar.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessLogicF\CircularProgressBar.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessLogicF\frmLoadPGNGames.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\ChessSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\PromocijaPesakaDijalog.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\PromocijaPesakaDijalog.g.cs
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\AboutDialog.baml
D:\Users\milos\Documents\visual studio 2013\ChessSharp1.0\ChessSharp\obj\Debug\AboutDialog.g.cs
